Correct Gibbs link (#1174)
TuringLang/Turing.jl: docs/src/using-turing/dynamichmc.md

Turing supports the use of [DynamicHMC](https://github.com/tpapp/DynamicHMC.jl) as a sampler through the `DynamicNUTS` function.

> `DynamicNUTS` is not appropriate for use in compositional inference. If you intend to use [Gibbs](https://turing.ml/dev/docs/library/#Turing.Inference.Gibbs) sampling, you must use Turing's native `NUTS` function.

Reviewer: Maybe a relative link here? 

```suggestion
`DynamicNUTS` is not appropriate for use in compositional inference. If you intend to use [Gibbs](docs/library/#Turing.Inference.Gibbs) sampling, you must use Turing's native `NUTS` function.
```

Author: I changed your suggestion to handle the different site URLs.

Reviewer: thanks, the [link](https://turing.ml/docs/library/#Turing.Inference.Gibbs) seems broken without `dev`, due to #1157.

Reviewer: maybe add the `dev` for now, until #1157 is fixed. apologies for the noise.

Reviewer: Actually, is there a way to add version number automatically after `{{site.baseurl}}`?

Author: `site.baseurl` handles all the versioning, including `dev`.

Reviewer: many thanks!

> `DynamicNUTS` is not appropriate for use in compositional inference. If you intend to use [Gibbs](https://turing.ml/dev/docs/library/#Turing.Inference.Gibbs) sampling, you must use Turing's native `NUTS` function.

Author: ```suggestion
`DynamicNUTS` is not appropriate for use in compositional inference. If you intend to use [Gibbs]({{site.baseurl}}/docs/library/#Turing.Inference.Gibbs) sampling, you must use Turing's native `NUTS` function.
```
